feat: update forms doc (#1694)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/forms/README.md

## Form submission

We support two cases for the forms submit actions:
* Submit __from the component__: The submit button is displayed in the input component.
* Submit __from the page__ (application level): The button is hidden in the input component and the submit action is triggered at application level.

In both cases, the submit logic is handled in the parent component, which is notified when a submit action is fired.
The execution of the submit logic begins when the event is captured in the parent component. 
The parent component will handle the business logic and when it has finished, it will emit an event which can be intercepted at page level.

See [Form Submit and Intercommunication](./FORM_SUBMIT_AND_INTERCOMMUNICATION.md).

> [!NOTE]
> We implemented an example of forms components in the showcase application, in which a parent component has two subcomponents each containing a form.
> The first subcomponent has a form for the user to fill out their personal information and the second subcomponent has a form for the user to fill out
> information about their emergency contact. In this example, the two subcomponents correspond to input components.
>

> > You can find the implementation of this forms example [here](../../apps/showcase/src/components/showcase/forms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can find the implementation of this forms example [in the showcase code source](../../apps/showcase/src/components/showcase/forms).
```

Reviewer: Also do we support relative link to the application (the documentation is published on a separated url)

Author: No that's a good point, I put a relative link since the code was not published yet but I will update it to the URL of the component.
